Let's do it on our previous spreadsheet.
So, now we're going to go ahead and calculate the cost per lead.
To calculate the cost per need,
we need the total number of leads,
that were generated from an ad.
So, I've created a row for total leads,
and indicated the number of leads we got from each of these three platforms and displays.
Next, calculate the cost per lead or CPL,
I'm going to go ahead and put the formula for one copy and copy at the rest.
So, this is going to be,
the cost for the ad again over the number of leads,
and I'm going to go ahead and copy the formula over for the other three.
So, as we can see,
Google Search and Google Display cost us between $45 and $48 to get each lead.
In comparison to Facebook's almost $94,
it's more expensive to create a lead there based on the ads.